[Music]
mattias louder 23 years old and a
formula 3000 driver he will test five
sports cars for motivation on the
Sachsenring
force TT three Lamborghini Gallardo
Lotus eggsy's Ferrari 575 m Maranello
and today the Aston Martin Vanquish
[Music]
the Vanquish the James Bond car you
should burn the sound onto CD the
vanquish has 12 cylinders and almost 6
liters capacity the 450 horsepower moved
the 2 ton ship from zero to a hundred in
five seconds
[Music]
[Applause]
peddling earth the handling is a bit
like a tanker but it's still fun to
drive it to its limits lots of us Indian
cats but I've to it
[Applause]
the shark mouth is just phenomenal
[Music]
weeper silica filter box personally I
really like this car especially the
design I think it's one of the most
beautiful cars on the market at the
moment because it really has it is very
wide very bullish and it really has a
big back side but I really like the
design you need to spend two hundred and
thirty six thousand four hundred and
sixty euros for this power pack this
gives you a top speed of 306 kilometers
an hour but no ESP
as well as cockpit well the cockpit is
quite okay I think the steering wheel is
a bit too wide the reverse gear is a bit
cumbersome you need to push the button a
few times before the gear is in but the
positive thing about the car is of
course its sound I'm going to start it
up plus we're not finished rather
another thing I don't really like about
the car is the finish of the leather
this could be a bit better and I don't
understand why you use the buttons of a
normal Ford in an Aston Martin like here
for example or on the dashboard here so
this is the v12 engine as you can see
the engine is really big and that makes
the car a bit sluggish I miss the lower
torque in the engine because from the
bottom up it's not very fast
the Astin's torque is 540 - in newton
meters but a bit late only at 5,000 rpm
[Music]
dr. Freud mr. Vardhan yes when it comes
to changing gears the car is not bad you
can change gear just like in Formula one
with the toggle gear both may like a
felt what I like when changing down is
that it changes down the gears with
double clutch it does this quite cleanly
and gently when you change gears up you
can feel a slight hesitation this could
be approved in my opinion okay
good let us listen man enough
[Music]
[Applause]
the gang isn't in my opinion the gears
are a bit too long but you can push the
Vanquish up to 7000 rpm and this with a
v12 suction engine you should experience
this inferno at least once the limit
range in this car starts quite late but
your reflexes need to be sharp because
there is no ESP
for Lincoln we talked about the steering
for me it's a bit too soft and you don't
feel the curve very well because it
swims a bit too much the steering a
steering reminds you of a normal car
attitude Lincoln the Avena mayor and
then the Marburg
the steering should have more returned
the bank wish tells you something quite
clearly I am a very very heavy car one
of us normally you would need a steering
system for a car like this that's more
direct and a bit harder where you get
more of a driving experience when you
are driving
[Applause]
the driving behavior is well I thought
it was a sports car but in my opinion
it's a bit too sluggish and too soft for
the racetrack the Vanquish is a Gran
Turismo which you can use for long tours
quite comfortably and powerfully
that's about when it's wet you can tell
the car weighs an awful lot especially
when braking and in curves you notice of
the car is a real tanker yes
steer tankers
[Music]
the started fun of Agra still we some
the car up I would say that the car is
very very nice but not really suitable
for the racetrack because it's simply
too heavy much too sluggish the engine
doesn't pull from the bottom the gears
are a bit too long car is really nice
but really not suitable for the
racetrack oh well you mustn't forget
that Mathias louder is used to super
direct and agile formula 3000 cars we
think that the vanquish is an
understatement in motion
despite the Ford Mondeo buttons
[Music]